yeah so Julie I'm gonna finish up my
Christmas shopping
hey dude chicks dig lingerie what sighs
yeah right she's a she's a she's a six
what about cup size I'm sorry
oh no she's way bigger than that I mean
not noticeably help me Robert Clayton
Dean he's a DC labor attorney take us
around the other side focus on the drop
is it a tape a powerful man has been
murdered only a hidden camera recorded
the crime none of this goes beyond us we
don't need anymore promise to me an
innocent bystander was given the
evidence we have reason to believe that
mr. savage may have passed sensitive
materials too you know he didn't ask me
anything how did you happen to be a ruby
today I was shopping for some lingerie
that's still legal as an FAA wife no I
was picking something up for myself I do
a little cross-dressing
on the weekends let's get into his life
produced by Jerry Bruckheimer
take his wife and kid he give it up for
them
directed by Tony Scott why are they
after me two targets rooftop you have
something they want immediate keyhole
visual tasking targets on 21 don't do
this to me 19 been a law-abiding citizen
my whole life one day with you shoot
will smith certainly carjacked a really
nice car and jean Nachman you either
incredibly smart enemy of the state
should have gotten our watch
[Music]